Clarify how write capture handles initialized late variables (#1240)
dart-lang/language: resources/type-system/flow-analysis.md

  that point.  (Note that a variable cannot be both definitely assigned and
  definitely unassigned at any location).

> - `writeCaptured` is a boolean value indicating whether a closure unenvaluated

Reviewer: Perhaps?:
```suggestion
- `writeCaptured` is a boolean value indicating whether a closure or an unevaluated
```
